{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Light;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green77\blue120;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl259\slmult1\sb40\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 What is Rockart Center for Enterprise Architecture?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl276\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Named in honour of Professor John F. Rockart, late of the MIT Sloan business school, the Rockart Center aims to support the enhanced professional practice of Enterprise Architecture. If anyone deserves the title "Creator of Enterprise Architecture" it is John Rockart, who over many decades contributed many fundamental concepts of what has become EA today. In honouring Professor Rockart, we make the point that EA is not the province of one school or methodology and recognise that many were doing EA well before the term was invented in the 1990s. In fact as far back as the 1960's Strategic Information Systems Planning was an emerging discipline. Rockart's main contributions were in the area of Business IT Alignment and the use of a design philosophy with organisations.\
*The Rockart Center is based in Brisbane, Australia. Its commercial activities are conducted via Latent Ventures Pty. Ltd. (ABN ....). Professor Rockart and his estate are not responsible for, nor do they endorse, the activities of the Rockart Center.\
}