{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;\red69\green60\blue204;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Rush,\
\
cheers for this! Exciting to get a first look at how things are starting.\
\
Some thoughts here (I'm calling the first logo on the page with two images\
Logo 1, the second on that page Logo 2, and the image on its own with the\
TF image Logo 3):\
\
Logo 1:\
- this is interesting, but feel like it lacks a little 'punch' or oomph.\
Doesn't include any orange, which I'm fairly certain I'd like to have\
somewhere. Definitely not looking for anything too macho or covered in\
heavy weights and bolts etc, but I think I'd like something slightly more\
bold to create some impact (would some black or grey help here?).\
- I like that 'Thrive' has its own, larger text size as opposed to the rest\
of the name. The general shape and overall style is nice, simplicity is a\
good thing in my opinion. The only thing I wonder is whether it needs more\
of a focal point than just the larger text 'Thrive'\
- The ribbon device can often be effective and I'm not averse to having one\
in the logo, but I'm not sure if I like the fact that this ends abruptly\
with a flat end at the end of the image. This may have been done for the\
purposes of giving it some framing? Not sure. Again, certainly not bad but\
not ideal either I don't think.\
\
\
Logo 2:\
- comments on style and shape etc are all the same as the first logo for\
obvious reasons, but..\
- I prefer these colours I think. If I do decide green has a place in the\
logo, I don't think I want any rich, 'foresty' type dark greens - this\
lighter, softer green is quite nice though!\
\
\
Logo 3:\
- the TF design is quite a cool idea, and provides a quick and easy\
reference that people will recognise. Gives it a focal point. I'm not\
completely sold on this particular style, but I feel like this could be\
stylised somehow (or again, potentially have black or a border or something\
added) in a way that makes it really effective. Would be interested to see\
what else comes out here if the designers are willing to explore the TF\
concept (would italicising the text work here?)\
- the fact that both words in 'Thrive Fitness' are in the same size and\
style is good, as it makes the TF icon make more sense (if all three words\
were done the same, you might expect the icon to say TFC instead, which\
might not be as easy to make look good)\
- the TF icon takes up around 2/3 of the space in the logo, with the rest\
of the text being the remaining 1/3. I wonder if balancing them slightly\
more to closer to half and half would work better? Maybe not, I can't quite\
tell.\
\
\
General thoughts:\
- The colours in the logo, the ribbon and the 'Thrive' text are faded\
across in all of these - I'm wondering how they might look if the colours\
were just fixed? Would simplify it even further though, and probably\
necessitate an icon even more so as not to be too plain, as a result.\
- I'm mindful that I need to be aware of both what I'm trying to convey\
(inovation, effectiveness, functionality, optimisation) and who I'm trying\
to convey it to (30+ with a less "smash and dash" fitness mindset and more\
inclined towards an intelligent approach to health and physique). If you've\
got an suggestions here or ideas you think I could run with to help you\
more, I'd be more than willing to listen.\
\
\
I hope this is useful feedback and not too lengthy (or picky/harsh!). If\
there's a particular style of feedback, or elements of design that you'd\
like more comments on, please just let me know and I'll adjust what I refer\
to and how I refer to it.\
\
Thanks again Rush, much appreciated mate!\
\
Dan\
\
On Wed, Jul 13, 2016 at 5:27 PM, Rush Kuntal <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rush@latent.ventures"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 rush@latent.ventures}}> wrote:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Hi Dan,\
Hope you are doing great mate.\
\
Please have a look at the 3 versions of the logo concepts attached to this\
email and let me know your thoughts via email or call me when you get a\
chance.\
\
Cheers\
Rush\
\
\
Latent Ventures | +61 405 508 202\
Suite 4, 143 Charlotte Street,\
Brisbane, QLD 4000\
Australia}