{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Logo 1:\
- 
\b prefer the new italicised version of this icon
\b0 , more dynamic and "athletic" while still being simple. The only thing that I worry about as it evolves is the similarity the TF concept may have to Fitness First's (who I'm a franchisee of) new logo? I've included it here for reference. Not sure if this is the sort of thing you'd consider a problem? I can imagine mixups potentially being very common.\
\
- \'a0the proportions actually went the other way than I was thinking, regarding the size of the icon and the size of the text beneath. Was curious what it might look like with the icon taking up half the space, and the lettering totalling the other half of the space (and with the Thrive Fitness the same, and Coaching underneath in smaller/thinner text)\
\
- the font for the text below the icon is great; again "athletic" and sort of sleek without looking intimidating and brutish\
\
- was thinking a green watermark of some sort behind the TF icon. Could just be a square of green (similar greens to what the other logo uses). Maybe even a shorter version of the ribbon device used in Logo2?\
\
- the above note aside, I do like the effectiveness of the single large icon and the remaining text all the same. Do you find people see this as more effective generally?\
\
Logo 2:\
- this is much more what I was thinking, I prefer the "closed ribbon" rather than just ending it flat. Looks more dynamic to me.\'a0\
\
- I don't know where else to take this concept honestly, I like it as it is, but at the same time can't say I'd want to make it my final look. The font for the writing below I think could use changing.\
\
- currently we're going with white backgrounds and placing colour on them - is having a coloured (either black or orange) background then placing this logo onto that (with white lettering) practical at all?\
\
- given that I don't have any real issues with the general shape and feel of this, one thing I thought of was either playing with the spacing between the lettering of Thrive\
\
- also considered a sort of shadowing effect, where instead of having the text we have just the side aspects of the letters as if they were 3D\
}